Hi guys, in this tutorial, I'm going to
create
a nice landscape starter tutorial like
this.
Okay, how to add assets and create a
landscape like this.
Adding foliage, adding trees, and make
it a bridge and a rifle. Okay, let's go.
Uh okay, first thing's first, create new
project. After that, go here to file.
Select new level.
Choose basic level.
Delete this landscape. After deleting
this landscape, we have to go here, save
current level.
Hit save.
Now, let's return here to landscape
mode.
Want to create a landscape.
After creating this landscape, we have
to save all.
And return here
to selection mode and go here to app.
Okay, select fab.
Okay, after that, let's search for
house.
More system.
Set price for free. I want to show only
free products. After that,
download any house as you want.
Okay, pick this one.
Okay, fine.
Return right here.
And search for
bright.
Okay, there bright grass. This one.
And add to my project. Okay, after that,
let's search for
spruce.
Want to download.
Okay, spruce forest. Want to download
this one for free. Can add to my
project.
Okay, choose this version.
Add the add to my project and the
downloading is
beginning.
After download those files,
we have to
close this.
Close this and go right here.
Go here to open.
As you can see, I have those files. We
have to go right here.
Want to enable this static mesh. After
enabling this static mesh,
control A, select all of those and here
enable the night.
After enabling the night, we have to go
right here.
And go here to edit
plug in.
Search for water.
Okay, choose this one. Add it. Yes.
Install and
restart the engine.
Click restart.
Save selected.
And the engine is restarting.
And now, let's close this.
And return right here
to my level.
Open it.
Uh
what you going to do? We go here.
Okay, as you can see, this is my
a rifle. Make it like this.
And we go right here.
Okay, now I think it's good.
Select this point and drag it here
to make it
bigger.
After that, let's save all.
I return here to content drawer.
Minimize this.
Content drawer and drag this wooden
the bridge. You can get it from the
video in the description.
Hit import.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay, after importing this
the bridge, this
want to rotate it.
And let's make it bigger.
Press R.
Okay.
And then, let's make it like this.
And now, let's go here.
Map to fab and go here to
Megascans surfaces, right grass.
Material.
And select this landscape like this and
go down.
Landscape material.
And drag here.
This one like this.
Okay.
We have some problem with the tiling.
Let's fix it.
Double click here.
Go to global tiling.
Okay, reduce the tiling.
Go here
to the X
and Y.
I want to be a nice result with a
realistic.
X map.
Base color is bigger now.
Um fine.
Or I'm fine.
Now, let's go here to normal.
We mark it. I think the result is
good right now.
For the displacement, you can choose any
texture displacement texture here and
add.
For me, I already
Now, it's fine.
Close this.
And now,
uh
let's return right here.
And go here.
Where is my third-person character?
I start player here.
And let's see.
Um okay.
The result is
nice as you can see.
And let's get it rid.
I get rid from this. Start playing. Just
delete and let's see.
Okay, my player character is here.
My bridge is
There is problem with the collision
process of bridge.
Okay, select this bridge and go right
here.
Edit button.
Search for collision.
Collision and go down. Collision
complexity.
Okay, use complexes collision as simple
and used.
Save.
Uh let's return.
Okay, as you can see, it works
fine. Now,
let's add our house in this place.
Return here content.
Fab, house.
Select static mesh.
And go
here.
My house is look gigantic. Okay, let's
reduce the scale.
0.0
Okay, it's too big.
0.005
Now, let's make it this house in this
place.
Okay, as you can see, it's
looks nice.
And now, let's move to the next step.
Is to add some foliage.
Let's add some trees on this scene.
You can go here to the foliage mode.
Go here to content.
Assets.
Foliage.
Okay, let's choose this one here.
You can add manually or you can choose
here drop as a foliage. Okay, let's
choose it. One foliage.
Two.
>> Okay, I have three.
Three hits.
Okay, look at the density. This looks
not good.
Control C.
And select both of them.
First one, second one, third one.
And go here density, make it
1 3.
For the mean scale and max scale, 0.8.
1.8.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, let's add it.
Okay.
As you can see, it works
fine.
Enough.
Let's add the aerial like this.
And make the one to make as a forest.
Enough.
And let's return the light. Yeah.
Okay, let's return the light here.
And let's go here to meshes.
1/2.
Okay.
2 1.
Looking at 1.
Okay, you can test like this part.
And let's add it.
For example, I want to add one.
Here.
Okay, this one make it one.
It looks not good.
Select
make it 1 3.
And let's see.
Okay, fine.
Yeah.
Okay, after that, let's add some grass.
Let's return it to select mode and let's
see
what result we have.
Okay.
This my house, I think it's uh
uh good. Okay, there's problem with the
collision with the house. Let's fix it.
Select the house.
Return here to the house.
Go here collision.
I go down grid project defaults, make
this.
And save.
Okay, the problem is uh fixed. Now,
let's add some grass.
How to add that? Do you have go to go
here to fab
and just look for grass.
Price for free.
Okay, let's choose this one, wild grass.
Choose a medium quality.
Add this.
Yes.
Okay.
Downloading is beginning.
Let's choose this one.
Okay, fine.
Now, let's return here to the foliage
mode.
And deselect all of those.
And return here to content.
Add.
A grass mesh vegetation makers. And
let's see select that grass
add this one here.
And return here.
And add those.
Type of grass.
Okay, fine.
Now, let's select both of them.
Go here to density, make it
50 for the radius.
0.5.
1.5.
5.
Okay.
Let's see.
Okay, this is the grass.
And now
like let's make 100.
And deselect this one.
Okay.
Fine.
Now, okay, as you can see, it looks
nice.
The problem is uh
in the river, there is
some grasses here.
Let's press control Z.
Fix this problem.
Okay.
Let's up the speed of the camera.
Let's press play and let's see.
Return here to selection mode.
Okay.
Uh this is all that works fine as you
can see.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
one for this tutorial. I will see you
later on the next
uh tutorial.